Better docs for mat views (#11521)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/data-warehouse/views.md

After you create a view, you can also schedule it to be updated at a specific interval. This is useful when you have a view that is used frequently, and you want to ensure that the data synced at a specified cadence. For example, a materialized view can be scheduled for an expensive query that is used in multiple dashboards.

To materialize a view, go to the sql editor, select the `Materialize` option or the lighting bolt tab, and click `Save and materialize`. Materialized views are reversible, so you can revert back to a normal view at any time.

> #### Tips for Materialization
> - You don't need to materialize views that are already fast.
> - You can materialize only the slow part of a larger query, like a `with` expression or a subquery. Often times, materializing a subset of a larger query is a good way to create a resource that's usable for various different places within PostHog, including insights and other data warehouse views.
> - Datasets are only going to update at the specified intervals and not in real-time. This means that if you have a view that is used in a dashboard or relied upon for another query, the dashboard will not update until the materialized view is updated. We offer a 5-minute refresh interval, but if the query takes longer than that to execute it will only be updated once the query is finished and rerun at the next 5-minute interval.
> - Materialization runs do have more compute and memory resources allocated to them than standard queries, but they still can timeout with an inefficient query after 1 hour of processing time.
> 
> ![materialized view](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/ph_materialization_a3dd7dfb0b.png)

Reviewer: - What do you mean by "Datasets" in point 3? Same as data from materialized view?
- Moving the image back to its spot
- Mostly formatting fixes, adding a new line makes each bullet more readable when editing
```suggestion

![materialized view](https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/ph_materialization_a3dd7dfb0b.png)

#### Tips for Materialization

- The purpose of materialization is to speed up queries, so you don't need to materialize views that are already fast.

- You can materialize only the slow part of a larger query, like a `with` expression or a subquery. Often times, materializing a subset of a larger query is a good way to create a resource that's usable for various different places within PostHog, including insights and other data warehouse views.

- Datasets generated from materialized views are only going to update at the specified intervals and not in real-time. This means that if you have a view that is used in a dashboard or relied upon for another query, the dashboard will not update until the materialized view is updated. We offer a 5-minute refresh interval, but if the query takes longer than that to execute, it will only be updated once the query is finished and rerun at the next 5-minute interval.

- Materialization runs have more compute and memory resources allocated to them than standard queries, but they still can timeout for inefficient queries. We time out after 1 hour of processing time.
```
